README.md, before:

# Tractian Application

This project is a Challenge from Tractian, and was build with CRA and Typescript template.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

*Important: must running a server on (http://localhost:5000), to use a local server JSON-Server run `json-server --watch server/db.json`

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

Last corrections and Detailed info on Readme file

README.md, after:

# Tractian Application

## Introduction
This project is a Challenge from Tractian, and was build with CRA and Typescript template.

On this project you can view informations from API provided on this repo [Tractian Backend](https://github.com/ebarretodev/tractian.backend) that contains the other part from Challenge.

A preview mode can be checked on Github Pages [Tractian Frontend](https://ebarretodev.github.io/tractian.frontend)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

*Important: must running a server on (http://localhost:5000), to use a local server JSON-Server run `json-server --watch server/db.json`

### `npm run deploy`

This scripts update the info on Github Pages, using the dist folder files.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
